DOCS-7837 4.3 type-system-editorial-kt (#1345)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-type-system.adoc

==== Close and Open Objects

> A closed object means that the type only accepts an object value if there are no additional fields in the object,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a closed object, the type accepts an object value only if there are no fields in the object besides those key values specified by the type.
```

> just those key values specified by the type.

Reviewer: omit per above

> An open object only put constraints on the fields that are declared in the type, and if they are all verified, then the type accepts the value. The type accepts objects that have other fields apart of the ones mentioned in the declaration. All `object` types are open unless specified.

Reviewer: ditto previous edits to this same text in an earlier .adoc

var a: {name: String} & {lastName: String} = {name: "John", lastName: "Smith", age: 34}
----

> In the case of closed objects, it returns the concatenation of the object types but results in a closed object. +

Reviewer: ditto
